NARRATOR: The bass from The Neon Coil Club's speakers is a physical force, vibrating through the floor and the augmented bodies of the patrons. Crystal stands near the bar, scanning the manic energy of the crowd, a half-finished, brightly colored exotope drink in her hand. Liam, a musician she was supposed to be rehearsing with, spots her and pushes through the throng.

LIAM: (Voice raised over the music, strained) Crystal! Seriously? Here? I waited three hours at the studio!

NARRATOR: Crystal jumps slightly, forcing a bright, practiced smile as she turns.

CRYSTAL: Liam! Hey! Wild, right? This place just erupted. You gotta hear this new synth line—

LIAM: (Frustrated) The synth line? Crystal, we were supposed to lock down the bridge for the showcase track. The one that could actually get us noticed outside this chaos?

NARRATOR: Her smile flickers. She takes a quick, reflexive sip of her drink to avoid his gaze, her expression turning sour. The taste is thin, chemical. Wrong.

LIAM: This is the problem, Crystal. You're always chasing a buzz that isn't even good anymore. Even the escape is second-rate. Some things don't wait for 'later', Crystal.

NARRATOR: He turns and disappears back into the crowd. Crystal stands alone at the bar, his words stinging. She feels a familiar wave of guilt and shame. She turns to Mila, the owner, forcing a nonchalant tone.

CRYSTAL: Hey, Mila. Liam’s just stressed. But he’s right about one thing. What is this stuff you’re serving?

MILA: (Sighs, gestures with her rag) It’s what there is. Another shipment of "premium" from Helios. Tastes like Every regular has been complaining for a week. My sales are in the tank.

CRYSTAL: So get it from somewhere else.

MILA: (She gives a short, harsh laugh) And where would that be? It all comes from the same place now: the main commercial depot down by the rigs. You take what they give you, or you have nothing to sell.

NARRATOR: Mila moves down the bar to serve another customer. Crystal is left with the information and a lingering bad taste.

TOKEN_CHALLENGE_START
  ACTION_TO_ATTEMPT_TEXT: "Liam's words and Mila's rumour combine into a single, dissonant note beneath the club's noise. Will crystal tune into that unsettling new signal, or crank up the noise and drown it out?"
  POSITIVE_PATH_OUTCOME_TEXT_START
    NARRATOR: Crystal pulls out her phone, the club's pulsing lights making the screen feel like a lifeline. She quickly types a message to Liam, her tone breezy, designed to smooth things over and move on.
    CRYSTAL (PHONE TEXT): Ugh you're right. My bad. Total flake. Studio tomorrow, first thing. I'll bring the good stuff to make up for it.
    NARRATOR: She sends it, a minor problem dealt with. But she’s still left with the bigger one: she's stuck in a terrible party with a bad drink, and her anxiety is creeping back in. The club feels played out. Then she remembers Mila's words about the depot. A place with secrets, a problem no one is talking about. A flicker of genuine interest cuts through her restlessness. Now that sounds more interesting than this noise.
    # IMAGE: A spark in Crystal's eyes as she looks up from her phone, a genuine, curious smile replacing her earlier forced one. The boring party behind her is now just out-of-focus background light.
    LOCATION: Southpoint
    NEXT_PATH_SEGMENT: path_P.txt
  POSITIVE_PATH_OUTCOME_TEXT_END
  NEGATIVE_PATH_OUTCOME_TEXT_START
    NARRATOR: She watches Liam go, a shadow crossing her face before she shakes it off. "Forget it," she mutters, turning back to the bar with a forced energy. She flags down the bartender, shouting over the music.
    CRYSTAL: Another round! And make it a double!
    NARRATOR: She spends the rest of the night chasing a feeling she never quite catches, each drink tasting worse than the last. The apology she owes Liam goes unsent, and the deeper problem with the city's supply remains an unexplored.
    # IMAGE: Crystal at the chaotic bar, laughing too loudly with a stranger. Her eyes, however, are unfocused and reflect the neon lights with a hollow, joyless sheen.
    LOCATION: Southpoint
    NEXT_PATH_SEGMENT: path_N.txt
  NEGATIVE_PATH_OUTCOME_TEXT_END
TOKEN_CHALLENGE_END

